Mr. Gu, you are looking for me.
From tomorrow.
You don't have to come again.
You want to fire me?
Mr. Gu, why?
You are planning to frame Ling San
I really thought I didn't know
Mr. Gu
You can't talk nonsense.
When did I frame Secretary Lin?
There must be evidence to speak.
This is at your workstation.
Found Chen Te's mobile phone
I accidentally picked it up.
I haven't had time to return it to Chen Te
What's the point?
Chen Tezhu
Mr. Gu, I have old and young
Can't lose this job
Let's go
Mr. Gu, Mr. Gu, I was wrong, Mr. Gu
Madam, please help me plead with Mr. Gu
You know about the company, right?
I never ask
If I want to help you, I will also ask Mingzhu.
But framing the funeral
You asked me to do it for you from the beginning
No third person can know about this
You have been the president's head teacher these years
Did you eat a lot of rebates?
If you don't want to go to jail
Just give me the volume and close it up
President, this is the DNA report
How could this be?
Stones are really fun